Blazor WASM lazy load assemblies topic (#19211)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/webassembly-performance-best-practices.md

dotnet publish -c Release
```

### Lazy load assemblies

> Dynamically load assemblies at runtime when the assemblies are required by components. For more information, see <xref:blazor/webassembly-lazy-load-assemblies>.

Reviewer: We've been trying to avoid using the term "dynamic" since it is a little overloaded with concepts in ASP.NET and elsewhere.

```suggestion
Load assemblies at runtime when the assemblies are required by a certain route. For more information, see <xref:blazor/webassembly-lazy-load-assemblies>.
```
